



The Licensor (as defined below)

and

You (as defined below)

agree as follows:

1 Definitions of Capitalised Words

2 What this License covers

2.1. Legal effect of this document. This License is:

2.2 Legal rights covered. This License covers the legal rights in the Database, including:

2.3 Rights not covered.

2.4 Relationship to Contents in the Database. The individual items of the Contents contained in this
Database may be covered by other rights, including copyright, patent, data protection,
privacy, or personality rights, and this License does not cover any rights (other than
Database Rights or in contract) in individual Contents contained in the Database. For example,
if used on a Database of images (the Contents), this License would not apply to copyright over
individual images, which could have their own separate licenses, or one single license
covering all of the rights over the images.

3 Rights granted

3.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, the Licensor grants to You a worldwide,
royalty-free, non-exclusive, terminable (but only under Section 9) license to Use the Database
for the duration of any applicable copyright and Database Rights. These rights explicitly
include commercial use, and do not exclude any field of endeavour. To the extent possible in
the relevant jurisdiction, these rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now
known or created in the future.

3.2 Compulsory license schemes. For the avoidance of doubt:

3.3 The right to release the Database under different terms, or to stop distributing or making
available the Database, is reserved. Note that this Database may be multiple-licensed, and so
You may have the choice of using alternative licenses for this Database. Subject to Section
10.4, all other rights not expressly granted by Licensor are reserved.

4 Conditions of Use

4.1 The rights granted in Section 3 above are expressly made subject to Your complying with the
following conditions of use. These are important conditions of this License, and if You fail
to follow them, You will be in material breach of its terms.

4.2 Notices. If You Publicly Convey this Database, any Derivative Database, or the Database as part
of a Collective Database, then You must:

4.3 Notice for using output (Contents). Creating and Using a Produced Work does not require the
notice in Section 4.2. However, if you Publicly Use a Produced Work, You must include a notice
associated with the Produced Work reasonably calculated to make any Person that uses, views,
accesses, interacts with, or is otherwise exposed to the Produced Work aware that Content was
obtained from the Database, Derivative Database, or the Database as part of a Collective
Database, and that it is available under this License.

4.4 Share alike.

4.5 Limits of Share Alike. The requirements of Section 4.4 do not apply in the following:

4.6 Access to Derivative Databases. If You Publicly Use a Derivative Database or a Produced Work from
a Derivative Database, You must also offer to recipients of the Derivative Database or
Produced Work a copy in a machine readable form of:

4.7 Technological measures and additional terms

4.8 Licensing of others. You may not sublicense the Database. Each time You communicate the Database,
the whole or Substantial part of the Contents, or any Derivative Database to anyone else in
any way, the Licensor offers to the recipient a license to the Database on the same terms and
conditions as this License. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties
with this License, but You may enforce any rights that You have over a Derivative Database.
You are solely responsible for any modifications of a Derivative Database made by You or
another Person at Your direction. You may not impose any further restrictions on the exercise
of the rights granted or affirmed under this License.

5 Moral rights

5.1 Moral rights. This section covers moral rights, including any rights to be identified as the
author of the Database or to object to treatment that would otherwise prejudice the
author's honour and reputation, or any other derogatory treatment:

6 Fair dealing, Database exceptions, and other rights not affected

6.1 This License does not affect any rights that You or anyone else may independently have under any
applicable law to make any use of this Database, including without limitation:

6.2 This License does not affect any rights of lawful users to Extract and Re-utilise insubstantial
parts of the Contents, evaluated quantitatively or qualitatively, for any purposes whatsoever,
including creating a Derivative Database (subject to other rights over the Contents, see
Section 2.4). The repeated and systematic Extraction or Re-utilisation of insubstantial parts
of the Contents may however amount to the Extraction or Re-utilisation of a Substantial part
of the Contents.

7 Warranties and Disclaimer

7.1 The Database is licensed by the Licensor "as is" and without any warranty of any kind,
either express, implied, or arising by statute, custom, course of dealing, or trade usage.
Licensor specifically disclaims any and all implied warranties or conditions of title,
non-infringement, accuracy or completeness, the presence or absence of errors, fitness for a
particular purpose, merchantability, or otherwise. Some jurisdictions do not allow the
exclusion of implied warranties, so this exclusion may not apply to You.

8 Limitation of liability

8.1 Subject to any liability that may not be excluded or limited by law, the Licensor is not liable
for, and expressly excludes, all liability for loss or damage however and whenever caused to
anyone by any use under this License, whether by You or by anyone else, and whether caused by
any fault on the part of the Licensor or not. This exclusion of liability includes, but is not
limited to, any special, incidental, consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages such as
loss of revenue, data, anticipated profits, and lost business. This exclusion applies even if
the Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

8.2 If liability may not be excluded by law, it is limited to actual and direct financial loss to the
extent it is caused by proved negligence on the part of the Licensor.

9 Termination of Your rights under this License

9.1 Any breach by You of the terms and conditions of this License automatically terminates this
License with immediate effect and without notice to You. For the avoidance of doubt, Persons
who have received the Database, the whole or a Substantial part of the Contents, Derivative
Databases, or the Database as part of a Collective Database from You under this License will
not have their licenses terminated provided their use is in full compliance with this License
or a license granted under Section 4.8 of this License. Sections 1, 2, 7, 8, 9 and 10 will
survive any termination of this License.

9.2 If You are not in breach of the terms of this License, the Licensor will not terminate Your
rights under it.

9.3 Unless terminated under Section 9.1, this License is granted to You for the duration of
applicable rights in the Database.

9.4 Reinstatement of rights. If you cease any breach of the terms and conditions of this License,
then your full rights under this License will be reinstated:

9.5 Notwithstanding the above, Licensor reserves the right to release the Database under different
license terms or to stop distributing or making available the Database. Releasing the Database
under different license terms or stopping the distribution of the Database will not withdraw
this License (or any other license that has been, or is required to be, granted under the
terms of this License), and this License will continue in full force and effect unless
terminated as stated above.

10 General

10.1 If any provision of this License is held to be invalid or unenforceable, that must not affect the
validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms and conditions of this License and
each remaining provision of this License shall be valid and enforced to the fullest extent
permitted by law.

10.2 This License is the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the rights granted here
over the Database. It replaces any earlier understandings, agreements or representations with
respect to the Database.

10.3 If You are in breach of the terms of this License, You will not be entitled to rely on the terms
of this License or to complain of any breach by the Licensor.

10.4 Choice of law. This License takes effect in and will be governed by the laws of the relevant
jurisdiction in which the License terms are sought to be enforced. If the standard suite of
rights granted under applicable copyright law and Database Rights in the relevant jurisdiction
includes additional rights not granted under this License, these additional rights are granted
in this License in order to meet the terms of this License.