This BitTorrent Open Source License (the "License") applies to the BitTorrent client and related software products as well as any updates or maintenance releases of that software ("BitTorrent Products") that are distributed by BitTorrent, Inc. ("Licensor"). Any BitTorrent Product licensed pursuant to this License is a Licensed Product. Licensed Product, in its entirety, is protected by U.S. copyright law. This License identifies the terms under which you may use, copy, distribute or modify Licensed Product.

Preamble

This Preamble is intended to describe, in plain English, the nature and scope of this License. However, this Preamble is not a part of this license. The legal effect of this License is dependent only upon the terms of the License and not this Preamble.

This License complies with the Open Source Definition and is derived from the Jabber Open Source License 1.0 (the "JOSL"), which has been approved by Open Source Initiative. Sections 4(c) and 4(f)(iii) from the JOSL have been dropped.

This License provides that:

You may use this License to distribute your own Derivative Works, in which case the provisions of this License will apply to your Derivative Works just as they do to the original Licensed Product.

Alternatively, you may distribute your Derivative Works under any other OSI-approved Open Source license, or under a proprietary license of your choice. If you use any license other than this License, however, you must continue to fulfill the requirements of this License (including the provisions relating to publishing the Source Code) for those portions of your Derivative Works that consist of the Licensed Product, including the files containing Modifications.

New versions of this License may be published from time to time. You may choose to continue to use the license terms in this version of the License or those from the new version. However, only the Licensor has the right to change the License terms as they apply to the Licensed Product.

This License relies on precise definitions for certain terms. Those terms are defined when they are first used, and the definitions are repeated for your convenience in a Glossary at the end of the License.

License Terms

EXHIBIT A The Notice below must appear in each file of the Source Code of any copy you distribute of the Licensed Product or any hereto. Contributors to any Modifications may add their own copyright notices to identify their own contributions. License: